README.md, before:

platform-info
=============

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/platform-info.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/platform-info)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![CodeCov](https://codecov.io/gh/uutils/platform-info/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/uutils/platform-info)

A simple cross-platform way to get information about the currently running
system.

Example
-------

This simple example:
```
use platform_info::*;

fn main() {
    let uname = PlatformInfo::new().unwrap();
    println!("{}", uname.sysname());
    println!("{}", uname.nodename());
    println!("{}", uname.release());
    println!("{}", uname.version());
    println!("{}", uname.machine());
    println!("{}", uname.osname());
}
```
should return something like:
```
Linux
hostname
5.10.0-8-amd64
#1 SMP Debian 5.10.46-4 (2021-08-03)
x86_64
GNU/Linux
```

License
-------

`platform-info` is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

docs ~ update README for example

README.md, after:

platform-info
=============

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/platform-info.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/platform-info)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![CodeCov](https://codecov.io/gh/uutils/platform-info/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/uutils/platform-info)

A simple cross-platform way to get information about the currently running
system.

Example
-------

This simple example:

```rust
// `cargo run --example ex` (executes this example)

use platform_info::*;

fn main() {
    let uname = PlatformInfo::new().unwrap();
    println!("{}", uname.sysname());
    println!("{}", uname.nodename());
    println!("{}", uname.release());
    println!("{}", uname.version());
    println!("{}", uname.machine());
    println!("{}", uname.osname());
}
```

should return something like:

```text
Linux
hostname
5.10.0-8-amd64
#1 SMP Debian 5.10.46-4 (2021-08-03)
x86_64
GNU/Linux
```

Use `cargo run --example ex` to execute this code.

License
-------

`platform-info` is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
